hello everybody welcome back next
pre-play of legal ergo the temple of
doom as you see in the last episode from
last episode next episode i put ground
from stud i can go by this treasure X to
explore I mean and voila now I'm going
to show you something rather in
directing Lee in neat and a bit of you
soon now before go now i see with the
excuse i just add left a blood corner
got two times well when i add X for
treasure now x 8 yep the treasure score
multipliers will multiply up it's pretty
abusive by the in-game you got all them
to be like plus like my am multiplier
like water than 29th like that you can
make millions and millions of studs it's
one level and it's abusive with all hell
so anyways going to the next level which
will be very easy as you can see words
here is Bangkok secret era got all ten
chests remember we did that in the booty
call it free pass story mode when you
got all ten chest so all I have to do is
get one parcel on this complaint is
complete so I will see you at that
parcel ok folksy and a little bit here I
will actually use believe in their pjs
this one scene a bit folks
ok folks Little Mac this c1 the only
thing I'd to do here get the parcel am
going to be up here get the debt for the
studs but
now here it is here
grab it up and I record the way already
this picture for you I take this parcel
long ways down in or near as ridiculous
with half-life 2 and that no much even
bring a gnome in the space you know
beginning the curtain of the end i watch
videos of it like you're kidding anyways
this is a long trip down the long
hallway here I got this buggy statue
right here so I'm going to hugging pray
to those bad at you haha there you go
posted so i will now see you at the stat
page hooks UN and the pooh treasure
posted which is useless and got over 800
yeah thousand studs yes at ridiculous
went from 100,000 to one over a million
won yay honey level like a barnett now
as for poo treasure and you know they
have the one called pool where you just
think and have animals cooing if you get
a button yeah that's basically what it
is it's it will make that poo do actual
studs so the animal one out pues does
instead of booing and fertilizer oh so
combined with fertilizer make sure they
poo studs instead of pulling well poop
yeah okay so anyways I will be see you
on me in the next episode of let's
replay legal cara jones and i will see
you all again